hey what up YouTube is your boy boo but
kennels yeah but what kind of this job
hoping to be a quick video said a little
quick comparison and shit but what I
wanted to talk about here is about two
different mouse bats at least the two
that i have been using actually the only
to gaming mouse pads i've used at all
you know i haven't used any other gaming
mouse pads at all but first let me talk
about the one that i started out using
which is the razor Danna shot my damn
self the razer vespula i do like this
mouse because it is like no like the
surface is really slick and the main
part because i tend to keep my wrist on
the edge of the of the desk and I always
keep it on the edge and shit so I really
like the addition of the you know the
pattern and shit so you know helps out
especially when the mouse I don't really
need a big area so that this area is
actually good enough for you know how I
play and shit so that's definitely
what's up it does have two different
sides to it as a smooth side and then
more of a rough side so that's cool
going to keep in mind though is I mean
some people haven't had this issue I did
I know someone else that had told me
they had the same issue as well and that
is that it wears out the feet on the
bottom of your mouse pad so that's
something to keep in mind that it could
happen to you or it may not I know for
for this mouse here it doesn't were to
fuck out my feet but tell me it was
after you know down several months I've
using it and shit we're out the feet but
so I should have to order new feet for
this one the only problem is the order
fucking feet the shipping costs more
than damn feet that's why I haven't done
it yet so you know I said just a quick
overview on what I think about this
mouse and what I like and what I dislike
like I said I like the smooth service so
it makes it really slick for moving your
mouse and stuff so that's that's
definitely a plus repealer like quick
you know smooth or super slick movements
as I said the one I knew what I did get
was this uh still series what the hell's
it caught the qck heavy i think i'm
saying that right so this is the real
big giant as mouse pads he goes away
over here and way over me it takes a lot
bigger ass portion of the desk but I
need this up front which is why i got my
keyboard sitting on top so it actually
uh this ain't my size just the way
sitting on this pattern that kind of
like you know this top part lifted up a
little bit but that's only because
sitting on the pattern if not it's it's
flush so i'm gonna be getting this one
because i don't know if i can get in
really good but you can see that's
pretty it's pretty damn thick sorry the
pattern is concerned and the reason i
went with the XL is because of the next
hour heavy whatever they want refer to
it as is because of the thickness and
again it's because i play with my wrist
basically on the edge of the desk so
even when i'm playing you know i'm using
like you know my wrist is like really
like right there like boom like that's
that's how my wrist isn't shit like rate
on the motherfucking edge so this is how
I normally be playing this is like
eating anything in it which is why I
like this uh claw style or not closed
down but palm style or Mouse cuz I keep
my hand like this and you know woman
just like that night time
ow so actually thought I was gonna take
me a while to get used to this mouse pad
because you know it's more of a coffee
material and shit but uh be quite honest
actually got used to it pretty quickly
and you know actually went back to
playing with this one to see which one I
prefer and why I like the smoothness of
this one I actually have better control
movement wise with the cloth one which
is kind of weird if you would actually
think it'd be more with the one that's
more of a slicker ice surface so yeah
that's pretty much it in a nutshell I
mean that's you know kind of my look my
overview of the two miles pads are you
know like i said i'm i'm i'm a tired
person i played with my wrist on the end
like on that literally on the end of the
day I'm desk so that's why I want to
thick one and not the thin one even
though the thin one circumference wise
would have been fine because you know
the spacing that this uses it's
perfectly fine for me as well but you
know I wanted something low a little
bigger but still maintain that thickness
to Tantalus to port to el resto cuz
that's just how my old ass you know be
playing and shit keep in mind and I
don't play my arm by for you no no I'm
you know I'm getting too old for
audition and Hakeem I got to keep my
shit on that on the edge you know the
least amount that i need to move my hand
or up or down or whatever is how i want
to play so yeah like i said it's not
nowhere near as slick as that surface
but i'd actually dig easter like very
very quickly and I really been enjoying
playing with this steelseries qck heavy
mousepad so if you guys are you know are
looking to get a mousepad you know
gaming mousepad you know the pet on your
needs and if you're like me play on the
edge you know something thick like this
would be good because like I said I keep
it all the way to the edge of the desk
and you know hasn't hurt my wrist at all
or you know even something like this be
a good choice where it has the padding
which is pretty thick and you can keep
your arm you know your wrist elevated on
it so you don't get any the Corporal
tunnel 90 back of the day when I used to
work in the nudies accounting oh you
know did a whole lot of that you know
bunch of numbers shit cutting checks out
and stuff so oh then I gotta focus yeah
I did being you know I'm gonna get
corporal tano one time I had to wear
that damn brace and shit and it's
because of the way i can kept my
restaurant I'm right I'm moving plus I
always kept it on the edge it's just how
you know how I do yeah you know so if
you're looking into getting the mousepad
you know these are two good options to
go with your razor wrestler just keep in
mind may or may not wear out your mouth
feat because it were out minds I know
another person we're out here but yet my
buddy that has the same Mouse that's a
mousepad doesn't have that issue so
maybe you know maybe picks up his mouth
more I don't know I kind of dragged my
nah-nah-nah-nah but you know that's what
it is anyways your boy boo boy kennels
and that's a waste keep him scratching
piece
you